Shares of insurance company Security-Connecticut Corp rose 8-1/8 at 45-5/8 after it signed a definitive merger agreement with ReliaStar Financial Corp that values Security-Connectict at $47 a share. &quot;I think it's a good deal. Security-Connecticut...was not getting any recognition in the market for what they were doing and the potential there,&quot; Nutmeg Securities analyst Ira Zuckerman said. Dain Bosworth analyst J. Chris Sergeant said he considers ReliaStar's $488 million offer for Security-Connecticut to be &quot;reasonable.&quot;   ReliaStar shares were down 1/8 at 59-1/8. &quot;The stock has done very well already,&quot; Sergeant added. &quot;It was at its all-time high and fully valued in the near-term.&quot; ReliaStar's 52-week high is $50 a share. The company said the deal will be neutral to earnings in 1997 and modestly additive in 1998. ((Reuters Chicago Newsdesk (312) 408-8787))
China's two stock exchanges on Friday ordered brokerages to make public to retail investors the top stock gainers and losers and the names of the firms most actively involved in trading them, exchange announcments said.   The Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges in similar announcements said they would transfer information to brokerages about the five top gaining and losing stocks in each trading day which move more than seven percent in either direction. The brokerages must make the information public in their business halls through notices or on large electronic boards so that ordinary investors have access to the information, the announcements said. The exchange will also make available to the brokerages the names of institutions most actively involved in trading the top stocks. Brokerages must pass them to the retail investors in the same way, they said. The announcements said the date for the implemention of the new rule had yet to be settled and would be announced later. The exchanges on Friday also set daily movement limits for all shares and investment fund units at 10 percent in either direction with effect from next Monday. Brokers said the measures were taken after dramatic rises and falls in prices of securities on the exchanges in recent months.
The U.N.'s Iraq Sanctions Committee on Monday approved procedures to deliver humanitarian aid to Iraqis on a prioritised need basis, pushing acceptance of food and medicine supply contracts ahead of less vital commodities. The change was requested by Iraq in February, leading committee technical experts to meet on Friday where agreements were reached to alter existing practices. Today's committeee action approves those technical changes, but more work must be done to untangle financial questions before the prioritised process is implemented, according to the sanctions chairman, Portugal's Ambassador Antonio Monteiro. Iraq is allowed to import food and aid as part of a humanitarian exception to six-year-old sanctions imposed after Baghdad invaded Kuwait in 1990. For a six-month period Iraq is permitted to sell $2 billion worth of crude oil, receipts are then to be used for buying aid, reparation payments and other expenses. Even though the deal has been in place since December 10, and more than 100 million barrels of oil sold, food and medicine have yet to reach Iraqi civilians.   First shipments of food, however, did reach Iraq last week, but have yet to funnel through the distribution process. Monteiro said he hoped the new prioritised procedures would be finalised by U.N. departments this week. Until now, humanitarian goods have been processed on a first-come-first served basis, leading to an abundance of aid contract approvals for non-food items, like bath soap, tea and detergent. Iraq wants to distribute a variety of goods to ensure compatibility with its existing rationing system, filling a so-called &quot;food basket&quot; of items. Monteiro said the U.N.'s Department of Humanitarian Affairs was working on the prioritised food list, while the World Health Organisation was performing the same task for medicinal needs. &quot;We approved a list of priorities that will come out, I hope, this week,&quot; Monteiro said. Financial details must also be worked out to speed aid delivery, Monteiro said, noting the committee wants to utilize available money to approve more aid contracts. &quot;We would like to immediately use the money that comes from sales of oil after getting the letter of credit on these sales,&quot; Monteiro said.   Currently, oil sales receipts must be in a special escrow account before aid contracts can be paid for, and approved. Monteiro said 359 goods application contracts have been received by the U.N. Of that total, 82 have reached the sanctions committee, with 57 gaining approval. Of the remaining contracts before the panel, 12 have been processed and are awaiting approval under a no-objection procedure, and 13 were on-hold for various reasons. Monteiro said 40 oil contracts have been approved thus far, with approved contract volumes of 112 million barrels. No oil contracts were pending approval, according to Monteiro. On a related note, Monteiro said the Russian representative at the sanctions meeting reiterated statements from Moscow earlier on Monday, denying a deal to develop oil reserves in Iraq violated U.N. sanctions. &quot;The deal will only be applied after the regime's sanctions are removed,&quot; Monteiro said, paraphrasing the statement from the Russian delegate.
Major banks from Japan, the United States and Europe plan to team up to form a new financial institution capable of real-time currency settlements, bank officials said on Tuesday. The new institution would handle settlements for currency trade in eight core currencies in real-time, hoping in this way to reduce settlement risk, they said. Currently, banks are exposed to large amounts of cross-border currency settlement risks because delivery of foreign exchange transactions is made in different time zones.   There is also a risk in foreign currency settlements that after one bank has delivered one side of the transaction, its counterparty may go bankrupt and fail to deliver the offsetting currency. The new bank, scheduled to be established in 1999, would allow payments of both sides of the transactions, say in both dollars and yen, at the same time, the sources said. To minimise the impact of potential business failures among international financial institutions, the member banks would be authorised to issue collateral in return for a leadership role in currency settlement business, they added.   But central banks would reserve the right to intervene directly in serious cases of financial failure, they said. Twenty banks are currently likely to take part, including Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi and Fuji Bank of Japan, Citibank and J.P. Morgan of the United States, and Britain's National Westminster Bank. The currencies handled are likely to include the U.S. dollar, the Canadian dollar, the yen, the mark, the pound, the French franc, the Swiss franc and the Dutch guilder, the sources said. A number of details remain to be worked out, including the location of the new bank and how many banks will ultimately take part. The new institution's stance towards to a single European currency, to debut in 1999, also remains to be decided, the sources said. --Tokyo Treasury Desk +813-3432-8806
Port conditions from Lloyds Shipping Intelligence Service -- ARGENTINA, Aug 5 - Santa Fe - One vessel berthed loading wheat, none in roads, none due. Max. recommended draft 28 ft.8 ins at access channel. Diamante - No vessels berthed, none in roads, none due. Max. recommended draft 28 ft 8 ins passage KM 520. San Lorenzo - Five vessels berthed, all loading, of which 1 sbmp, 2 soy, 1 by-products, 1 maize. 3 Vessels in roads. 23 Due at 6 terminals this week and next. Forecast indicates draft dropping (0.05m) during next week. Pasa berth draft - 23 Ft 2 ins Fw. Rosario - Eight vessels berthed of which 7 loading (2 maize, 2 sugar, 1 sbm, 1 fruit, 1 sbo). 1 Discharging fertiliser. No vessels in roads, 16 due this week and next. Forecast indicates draft dropping (0.05m) next week. Villa Constitucion - Two vessels berthed of which 1 discharging iron ore, 1 loading steel products. No vessels in roads, 1 due. Elevator berths max. draft 22 ft. fw. San Nicolas - Five vessels berthed of which 4 discharging (1 profiles, 2 coal, 1 steel products), 1 awaiting orders. No vessels in roads, 3 due this week and next. Forecast indicates draft dropping (0.05m) next week. San Pedro - One vessel berthed loading fertiliser. No vessels in roads, 1 due. San Lorenzo-Rosario-San Nicolas-San Pedro - Max. recommended draft 32 ft. 6 ins./33 ft. fw (high tide). Buenos Aires - 17 Vessels in port, 25 due within the next week. Max. recommended draft 31 ft. 6 ins. fw. high tide Naabsa (guided by entrance channel). Buenos Aires dock sud - Max. recommended draft 28/29 ft. fw. high tide Naabsa (guided by entrance channel). Necochea - Four vessels berthed of which 3 loading (1 sfo, 1 maize, 1 wheat). 1 Discharging dap. 5 Vessels in road, 6 due within the next week. Max. recommended draft 40 ft. bw. Bahia Blanca - Five vessels berthed of which 3 loading (1 pellets, 1 fuel oil, 1 sfo), 2 awaiting orders, 2 in roads, 5 due within the next week. Max. drafts vary from berth to berth. BRAZIL, Aug 5 - Vitoria - Six vessels berthed of which 1 cellulose loader, 1 bulk wheat discharger, 1 bulk malt discharger, 2 general cargo, 1 pig iron loader. Tubarao - 2 Iron ore loaders, 1 fuel discharger. Praia Mole - 2 Steel products loaders, 1 coal discharger. Portocel - 1 Cellulose loader. Ubu - 2 Iron ore loaders. 18 Vessels waiting in roads. Rio de Janeiro - 11 Vessels berthed of which 1 general cargo discharger, 4 sugar loaders, 1 steel products loader, 1 bulk wheat discharger, 2 full container dischargers, 1 tube discharger, 1 vehicle loader. Tecon - 2 Vessels, 43 due over the next 7 days. Santos - 28 Vessels berthed of which 3 chemical products dischargers, 2 general cargo, 3 bulk fertiliser dischargers, 6 bagged sugar loaders, 2 bulk wheat dischargers, 2 bulk sugar loaders, 8 full containers, 1 ro-ro, 1 bulk soy loader. 30 Vessels waiting in roads, 99 due over the next 7 days. Private terminals - Cosipa - 1 Iron ore discharger. Ultrafertil - 1 Bulk fertiliser discharger. Cutrale - 1 Bulk pellets loader. Cargill - 1 Bulk pellets loader. Sao Sebastiao - Tebar - 4 Vessels berthed. Commercial quay - No vessels, none in roads, 9 due over the next 7 days. Paranagua - 17 Vessels berthed of which 6 general cargo, 4 fertiliser dischargers, 3 sugar loaders, 4 pellets loaders. 26 Vessels waiting in roads, 29 due over the next 7 days. Rio Grande - Five vessels berthed of which 1 full container loader, 2 general cargo loaders, 2 fertiliser dischargers. 2 Vessels waiting in roads, 38 due over the next 10 days. CHILE, Aug 4 - Arica - Two vessels berthed, 4 berths vacant, 7 vessels due during the week, port working normally. Iquique - Four vessels berthed, 2 berths vacant, 8 vessels due during the week. Antofagasta - Two vessels berthed, 5 berths vacant, 11 vessels due during the week to load/discharge concentrates, bulk copper, containers and general cargo. Valparaiso - Four vessels berthed and operating, 5 berths vacant. Pier 2 out of service for enlargement until April 1998. 20 Vessels due during the week. Puerto Montt - One vessel in port, 3 due during the week. Punta Arenas - One vessel berthed, 3 due during the week. Conception Bay ports - Rain. 10 Vessels due this week at the various terminals. Talcahuano - One vessel berthed, 2 due this week, no vessels in roads. San Vicente - Three vessels berthed and operating, 4 due during the week. Navy pier (Molo 500) - No vessels berthed, 1 berth out of service, no vessels due during the week. Steel pier - 1 Vessel berthed, 1 due during the week. Coronel pier - 1 Vessel berthed, none due during the week. Oil terminal - 1 Vessel at termal, none due during the week. Lirquen - Three vessels berthed, 3 berths vacant, 4 vessels due during the week. Penco - No vessels berthed, none due during the week. COLOMBIA, Aug 5 - Barranquilla - Three vessels berthed (2 bulkers, 1 general cargo). 19 Vessels due (10 containers, 9 general cargo). No delays. Cartagena - Five vessels berthed (3 containers, 2 general cargo). 13 Vessels due (10 containers, 3 general cargo). No delays. Santa Marta - Six vessels berthed (1 bulker, 2 containers, 3 general cargo), 1 general cargo vessel anchored. 4 Vessels due (1 containers, 3 general cargo), no delays. Buenaventura - Seven vessels berthed (4 bulkers, 2 containers, 1 tanker). 5 Vessels anchored (4 bulkers, 1 general cargo). 26 Vessels due (4 bulkers, 17 containers, 2 tankers, 3 general cargo). Berthing delays, bulkers 3 days, containers/tankers/general cargo 1 day. PERU, Aug 4 - No strikes at any port. Callao - 10 Vessels anchored, 7 general cargo/container vessels berthed, no berthing delays. Paita, Bayovar, Pisco - No vessels, no delays. Talara - One vessel anchored, 1 oil tanker berthed, no berthing delays. Chimbote - Two vessels anchored, 3 fish meal berthed, no berthing delays. Ilo - No vessels anchored, 3 copper vessels berthed, no berthing delays. VENEZUELA, Aug 4 - Puerto Cabello - 12 Vessels anchored. 15 Vessels berthed of which 7 grain, 4 general cargo, 2 bulk cargo, 2 containers, 1 vessel under repair. Piers 1 and 2 closed. Guanta - No vessels anchored, 1 grain berthed. Aug 5 - All ports working normally. Orinoco river - Draft as at 5/8, 35 ft. 0 ins. Puerto Ordaz - Three vessels operating of which 2 discharging (1 ferro silicon, 1 cement), 1 loading iron ore. 4 Vessels due. Boca Grande - One vessel loading iron ore, 1 waiting at anchorage to load, 1 due. Palua - Two vessels loading/discharging general cargo. Mile 178 - One vessel waiting at anchorage to load/discharge. Matanzas - Six vessels operating of which 2 loading steel products, 3 loading/discharging general cargo, 1 discharging limestone, 1 waiting at anchorage to load. 2 Vessels due. San Felix - Two vessels loading aluminium. Punta Cuchillo - One vessel loading refined products. Venalum - One vessel due. Interalumina - One vessel due. Alcasa - Two vessels due. Puerto Cabello - 18 Vessels loading/discharging general cargo, 2 under repair, 2 waiting at anchorage to load/discharge, 25 due. Guanta - One vessel loading/discharging general cargo, 10 due. La Guaira - No information available. Amuay - Three vessels loading refined products, 2 waiting at anchorage to load. Cardon - Two vessels loading refined products, 1 waiting at anchorage to load. Bajo Grande - One vessel loading refined products, 1 due. La Ceiba - One vessel due. Punta Camacho - One vessel due. Buoy B.71 - One vessel due. Venterminales - Two vessels due. Puerto Sucre - One vessel due.
New Jersey breast cancer patients would be assured that their health insurance would pay for at least two days in the hospital for surgery under legislation enacted by the Legislature Monday. The bill, sent to Gov. Christie Whitman, called for at least 72 hours after a modified radical mastectomy and 48 hours of hospital care for a simple mastectomy. The bill passed the state Senate Monday by a 37-0 vote. Gov. Whitman two years ago signed a bill requiring insurors to cover a two-day minimum hospital stay for mothers after giving birth.
The following are top headlines from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. THE GLOBE AND MAIL: Cable to air six new channels: Companies will offer tier of specialty programming free for a while, then set charges - Klein on Quebec:  time to start over:  Hands-off attitude on unity softening - Heat turned down on salm an stew:  Ministers fly to U.S. to confer: Ferry blockade may have backfired - Kohl reassures flood victims:  Torrential rains have killed more than 100 people in former Eastern Bloc Report on Business Section: CIBC buys Oppenheimer: $525-million deal for New York dealer gives bank foothold in U.S. underwriting business - Greeenspan spurs Dow to record: Investors delighted as chariman say inflation show 'little tendency' to rebound - Reichmann's Moscow project in jeopardy: Barbs traded over giant real estate plan - Nortel profit soars in quarter: Investors slice $2 from shares despite 56 percent earnings gain THE FINANCIAL POST: Greenspan fires up markets: Investors cheered by his assissment that inflation and growth are under control, indicating that another hike in interest rates isn't in the cards for August - CIBC seals US$525M deal with Oppenheimer ((Reuters Toronto Bureau 416 941-8100))
Tractebel SA made its first trade in the U.S. power market last month, becoming the first European utility in the market, chief executive Baron Philippe Bodson told a news conference. The company's new trading subsidiary, Tractebel Energy Marketing Inc, officially began operation April 1, a full week after its first electricity trade, according to the new unit's trading chief, William L. Coorsh. Tractabel is &quot;the first continental utility to be involved in U.S. energy marketing,&quot; Baron Bodson said.   As a result, the company expects to &quot;be very well positioned&quot; when power trading starts in Europe, he said. He does not expect natural gas trading in Europe, stating &quot;the dream of competition in Europe is the dream of the European commission&quot; because of the limited number of suppliers. Trading volume for the recently initiated natural gas futures contract on London's International Petroleum Exchange (IPE) has been thin. With four natural gas suppliers, Baron Badson explained, &quot;one can corner the market.&quot;   Tractabel chose to start a trading firm from scratch instead of acquiring an existing firm &quot;because it is a lot cheaper,&quot; explained Wim Heyselberghs, senior vice president of distribution operations for Tractebel Electricity and Gas International. He said the new firm will market and trade electricity, natural gas and fuel oil at both the wholesale and retail levels &quot;mainly in the U.S. Northeast and eastern Canada.&quot; That's where another Tractabell subsidiary, CRSS Inc, has most of its non-utility power plants, he noted. By year end, Heyselberghs said, Tractebel Energy Marketing will have 20 employees in offices in Houston, Boston and Montreal. The new units' objective is &quot;not maximum volume,&quot; he said, but to be the &quot;most profitable&quot; trader. Tractebel officials declined to discuss the company's profit and volume goals. ((-- Jim Brumm 212-859-1710.))
