A dedicated &quot;snow desk&quot; has been set up by the New York and New Jersey Port Authority to monitor and react to harsh weather conditions and help prevent disruption to travellers and cargo moving through key airports this winter. The authority operates New York's John F Kennedy, LaGuardia and Newark airports and carefully tracks weather patterns all year round. Each airport supplements National Weather Service reports with facility-specific forecasts from private companies that are updated a few times a day. &quot;We don't sit and wait for the weather to hit us&quot; said the Port authority chief operations officer David Feeley. &quot;We use the latest technology to anticipate what's coming day's in advance, which allows up to plan for deployment of employees and equipment at each facility.&quot; Each airport has a &quot;snow desk&quot; at which key operations and maintenance personnel analyse the weather reports and deploy staff and equipment accordingly. Each has inground sensors transmitting data such as windspeed and direction, dewpoint, humidity, air and ground temperatures. More than 5,100 tons of salt and sand, special de-icing equipment and 250 pieces of dedicated snow-fighting equipment - including massive snow-melters and snow blowers - is on standby to counter almost any winter blast at JFK, LaGuadria and Newark airports this year. Air Cargo Newsroom Tel+44 171 542 7706 Fax+44 171 542 5017
Malaysian shares closed firmer on Monday, but trade remained directionless, dominated by retail punters, analysts and dealers said. At the close, the benchmark Composite Index of 100 large-capitalised stocks closed 2.99 points higher at 1,081.19, while the small-capitalised Second Board index gained 0.46 of a point to 566.17. &quot;Foreign funds are just not around. In addition it's Memorial Day in the U.S. So most of the activity today is retail,&quot; said Irene Tan, research manager at Vickers Ballas.   Investors said they remained cautious on the market. &quot;We are still cautious on the market. We are more confident about the medium- to long-term than the near-term. The recent correction has hurt a lot of people,&quot; said Lee Chia Cheang, associate director of BHLB Asset Management in Kuala Lumpur. Timber companies North Borneo Timbers and Sinora remained among the most actively-traded issues on speculative retail plays, said analysts. Volume rose to 222 million shares valued at 1,764 million ringgit. Losers outpaced gainers 394 to 227.
Year to March 31, 1997      (in billions of yen unless specified)       LATEST     ACTUAL  (Parent)      FORECAST   YEAR-AGO  Sales   13.00  11.22  Current     300    million  280    million  Net    145    million  115    million  EPS     36.22 yen   28.96 yen  Ord div      10.00 yen   15.10 yen NOTE - Hokubu Communication &amp; Industrial Co Ltd is the full company name.
President Bill Clinton was set to announce additional members of his new administration on Friday, with sources saying he was expected to keep his treasury secretary and attorney general. Clinton was to meet on Friday with a few additional members of his administration, including Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt and Environmental Protection Agency head Carol Browner -- and make announcements at a 2 p.m. EST 1900 GMT news conference. Clinton, who has been working on shaping the team that will serve him when he starts his second term in January, was intentionally vague about what decisions he intends to announce -- although much of his attention has been on the economic team he wants. He met privately on Thursday night in the Oval Office with Attorney General Janet Reno and told aides they had a &quot;wonderful meeting.&quot; Senior advisers said they expected Reno to remain in Clinton's Cabinet. Since Clinton won re-election on Nov. 5, seven Cabinet members have said that they plan to depart, including the commerce and labour secretaries. Two key economic advisers are also leaving: Laura Tyson, who heads the National Economic Council, and Joseph Stiglitz, chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers. Administration officials said Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin and his deputy, Lawrence Summers, were expected to remain in their jobs. Administration officials consider both men strong and effective advocates for Clinton's economic policies. White House Press Secretary Mike McCurry, noting that Clinton has been considering several major posts in his new administration, sought to downplay speculation about specific announcements. &quot;There are a lot of things in play for tomorrow and I don't know what the outcome will be,&quot; McCurry said Thursday. A source familiar with the president's thinking said he would be &quot;very surprised&quot; if Reno did not remain in the Cabinet. &quot;If she wants to stay, I'm sure she can,&quot; another official said. Questions about Reno's job security have arisen because of her independent streak, which has often irked the White House. Some Clinton aides have also complained that she has been too quick to bow to partisan calls for independent counsel probes. Representative Bill Richardson, a New Mexico Democrat who has led a string of high-profile missions to rescue U.S. citizens detained abroad, has been under consideration to be commerce secretary. The Washington Post reported on Friday that William Daley, a prominent Democratic figure and brother of Chicago Mayor Richard Daley, was under consideration for the commerce post. Former Democratic Sen. Harris Wofford of Pennsylvania and White House aide Alexis Herman have been cited as candidates for labour secretary. Wofford was seen at the White House on Thursday. Clinton last week unveiled his foreign policy team as a group, and White House officials said at the time that he was likely to do so with his economic team, saying the &quot;chemistry&quot; among them was critical. With vacancies for chairman of the president's Council of Economic Advisers and for the post of head of the National Economic Council, administration officials have contacted Alan Blinder, a former vice chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, about returning to the White House. Blinder, reportedly reluctant about returning to Washington, met on Thursday with the incoming White House chief of staff Erskine Bowles -- who also had been hesitant to return to the White House but bowed to Clinton's request. Blinder left his job at the Federal Reserve in January to return to teaching at Princeton University.
CME hog futures traded mostly higher early while pork bellies ranged mixed. Continued improvement in pork cutout values and product movement and possible firmer cash hog prices next week offset a steady to weak tone to cash hogs Thursday. In pork bellies, continued rolling of longs into back months and concern over reports of weakness in cash product weighed on nearby futures, traders said. At 0917 CDT, hogs were up 0.275 to off 0.150 cent per lb with June up 0.300 at 83.850 cents. Pork bellies off 0.725 to up 1.825 with July off 0.275 at 91.750 cents. ((Jerry Bieszk 312-408-8725))
The Transport Ministry rejected requests by the U.S. car parts industry on Wednesday for an easing of Japan's rules on brake systems. The U.S. industry asked last month for brakes to be removed from the ministry's list of parts that require servicing by a government-approved garage. The industry argued that the rule prevents market access by foreign manufacturers. The ministry said it rejected the request for safety reasons. &quot;It would make it possible for repairs to be carried out by people other than mechanics,&quot; the ministry said in a statement.   But the ministry said it had changed its certification system to allow the setting up of garages specialising in brakes, as requested by Washington in a 1995 bilateral auto agreement. A U.S. official said last week that Washington would be looking at both the decisions on brakes and garage systems in monitoring Japan's commitment to the 1995 accord. The United States has also requested that cars and car parts be included as part of the Japanese government's deregulation action plan due to be announced in March, the official told reporters in Tokyo. At the time, the official said he expected the ministry to accede to the requests but that the United States would assess its options if they were not met. Under the 1995 agreement, the U.S. car parts industry may lodge a protest with Japan's Transport Ministry against the decision.
Music Semiconductors Corp (MUSIC) said on Friday the Superior Court of New Jersey has upheld its rights over the assets of its unit Protelcon Inc, including patent rights over a television accessory called &quot;Telecommander&quot;. MUSIC said in a report to the Philippine Stock Exchange that the court had denied the request of minority shareholders of Protelcon to restrain the firm from turning over to MUSIC its assets. MUSIC was to receive the Telecommander patent because ProtelCon had not repaid loans amounting to $1.3 million. The court has ruled the loans granted by MUSIC to Protelcon are &quot;intrinsically fair and therefore fully valid and enforceable and that MUSIC has a valid security interest over the assets of Protelcon&quot;, MUSIC told the stock exchange. Separately, the Philippine Stock Exchange said MUSIC will change its name to Music Corporation starting on June 23. MUSIC stocks ended unchanged at 12.25 pesos on Friday. -- Manila newsroom (63 2) 841-8936, fax 817-6267
Six months to August 20, 1996  (Group) (in billions of yen unless specified)  Revenues      1.08 trln  vs     1.00 trln  Operating    33.82  vs    28.26  Current      30.01  vs    22.45  Net     17.62  vs    12.50  EPS     56.20 yen   vs    40.52 yen NOTE - Jusco Co Ltd is a major supermarket chain.
The Australian dollar was holding at support after a sharp overnight fall, but the bias remains to the downside as the market waits on the release of the Reserve Bank of Australia's (RBA) quarterly assessment of the economy. The dollar dropped half a cent in offshore trade, and while good support has been found at around US$0.7380 this morning, the dollar has not had a substanital bounce and keeps testing the depth of support. At noon (0200 GMT), the dollar stood at US$0.7376/81, down on an early US$0.7381/86, and a Monday close of US$0.7423/28. It had traded a US$0.7373/86 range through the morning.   The market is waiting on the Reserve Bank of Australia's quarterly report on the economy later today, which will be combed for clues as to whether there will be a sixth rate cut. While a speech by RBA Governor Ian Macfarlane last week has largely pre-empted the report, attention will be paid in case of any extra details that help shape the interest rate outlook. Macfarlane said last week that there was excess capacity in the economy and that it could grow strongly -- possibly at more the 4.5 percent over the next couple of years -- without threatening the low inflation outlook.   For the Australian dollar, traders said the risk is that it will weaken on signs of an easing bias and so going into the release of the report the dollar is likely to remain cautious, as it has been in recent days ahead of the 9.30 a.m. announcement time for any RBA policy changes. Last week, the governor also said he did not see current monetary policy settings as restrictive, and a repetition of such a view, or a statement that the RBA was waiting to assess the impact of the five cuts already deliverd, could see the dollar squeeze higher.   Treasurer Peter Costello shares the RBA's upbeat view, telling reporters ahead of a Cabinet meeting on Tuesday that the economy could grow above four percent. &quot;I think if we can kill the savings problem and if we can beat inflation, we should be looking at an economy that grows at four percent plus,&quot; he said in Melbourne. While stronger growth is a positive for the dollar, the fact that rates may be lowered again in an effort to kick-start the growth remains a negative in the near term outlook. Once the RBA report is out of the way, the market will then look to the U.S., where the FOMC meets later today.   No rate change is expected from the FOMC when their meeting concludes on Wednesday morning local time, although the Federal Reserve is generally expected to raise interest rates at least one more time this year. On the crosses, the local dollar held steady as U.S. dollar trade was directionless in narrow ranges. The Australian dollar was trading at 87.18/28 yen and 1.3542/55 marks, from an early 87.17/27 and 1.3549/61 and local Monday closes of 87.11/21 and 1.3462/67. In trade weighted terms, the dollar was steady through the morning at 58.5, unchanged from its Monday close -- Sydney Newsroom 61-2 9373 1800
Hardline Khmer Rouge guerrillas held government negotiators on Sunday after pretending they wanted to talk peace, senior officials said. &quot;Everything is going well, be we are still negotiating,&quot; said regional military commander General Khan Savoeun. His deputy, Nuon Vana, said 15 people were missing, including Siem Reap deputy governor Hem Bunheng, General Phuong Bunphoeun of the defence ministry, divisional commander Colonel Sochan Hang as well as air crew. They were on board an Mi-8 helicopter that left on Friday for a rendezvous with the rebels, after hardline leader Ta Mok said he wanted to talk about defecting, an officer at Siem Reap air base said. General Khan Savoeun and others on Sunday morning flew over the area of Anlong Remat located about 40 kms (25 miles) south of the hardliners' base at Anlong Veng in northern Cambodia, Nuon Vana said. He said they had been unable to contact the missing men or the Khmer Rouge, adding that radio links had been cut. &quot;Ta Mok played a trick because he said he wanted to join the government and made an appointment to meet...this is a bad trick, a terrible trick of Ta Mok,&quot; said the airbase officer in reference to the feared one-legged commander dubbed &quot;The Butcher.&quot; All those missing were from the royalist FUNCINPEC in Cambodias coalition government. FUNCINPEC and the rival Cambodian Peoples Party, which formed an uneasy coalition government after U.N.-run polls in 1993, have been vying for the allegiance of Khmer Rouge defectors. The Khmer Rouge, whose 1975-79 rule left more than one million people dead, reneged on a 1991 peace pact and had been fighting the coalition government since 1993. But the movement began falling apart after former top official Ieng Sary split with the hardliners in late August. Thousands of guerrillas have come over to the government side since Ieng Sary won a royal pardon last September from a 1979 death sentence handed down in absentia for his role in the Khmer Rouges &quot;killing fields&quot; rule. An estimated 2,000 hardliners loyal to Pol Pot and Ta Mok are holding out around Anlong Veng and the government has said it wants to win them over with words rather than guns. The government believes they may be holding Christopher Howes, a British mine clearance supervisor, who was abducted in Siem Reap province in March last year. He was reported to have escaped last November but never showed up in government territory.
U.S. Middle East mediator Dennis Ross will arrive in Morocco on Wednesday where he will meet Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, a Moroccan official said. &quot;Ambassador Dennis Ross is expected to arrive late in the afternoon or early evening in Rabat where he is expected to meet President Yasser Arafat,&quot; the senior official told Reuters. He gave no further details. Palestinian officials in Rabat said Arafat, who leaves Bangladesh on Wednesday, is expected to arrive in the Moroccan capital at around 4.00 GMT (Thursday). &quot;By God willing, President Arafat will hold talks with Dennis Ross on the Middle East issue in Rabat on Thursday,&quot; a Palestinian diplomat said. He gave no further details. President Bill Clinton has asked Ross to return to the Middle East for talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders on the deadlocked peace process. The talks will coincide with the meeting of foreign ministers from the 16-member Al-Qods (Jerusalem) committee on Thursday in Morocco to examine &quot;the dangers which threaten the holy city,&quot; the Palestinian diplomat said. The Israeli government has vowed to go ahead with building 6,500 homes for Jews in Arab East Jerusalem which Palestinians see as the capital of their future state. Israel says the whole of Jerusalem is its capital.
Ceco Environmental Corp said Thursday its Ceco Filters subsidiary has tentatively agreed to a purchase that would double the size of the company's annual sales and earnings. Ceco said it signed a letter of intent to purchase Busch Co's operations in an all cash transaction funded by cash flow and bank financing. There will be no shareholder dilution. The company emphasized that all financing is in place, adding closing is set for late July or early July. It described Busch as a principle supplier of ventilating, exhaust and pollution control systems to the metal working industry. Ceco said anticipated annualized sales will be about $25 million and upon closing its order backlog will increase to about $11 million from the current $3 million. ((-- New York Newsdesk 212-859-1610.))
Investigators on Thursday began trying to identify the bodies of 39 cult members who apparently committed suicide in the belief a UFO, shielded behind a comet, would take them to heaven. Police said the men and women, dressed alike and with their hair in buzz cuts, appeared to have died from drug overdoses in a well-staged mass suicide over several days. &quot;We also were able to determine, based on their physical appearance and some of the characteristics of their bodies and liquid found at the scene, that they may have ingested drugs,&quot; Lt. Gerald Lipscomb of the San Diego County Sheriff's Department told CNN. Lipscomb said the suicides, discovered on Wednesday in a luxury mansion in Rancho Santa Fe, north of San Diego, may have taken place over seven days. He said all of the victims did not appear to have died at the same time. San Diego County Coroner's Office spokesman Chuck Bolton said the identification process would take several days. In Washington, U.S. President Bill Clinton said he was shocked and sickened by the deaths. &quot;It's heartbreaking, sickening ... shocking,&quot; Clinton said when asked his reaction to the deaths, which police described as the largest mass suicide in the United States in this century. He said he did not know any more about the incident than he had seen in media reports. The bodies were discovered by Beverly Hills computer expert Nick Matzorkis and one of his employees, a former member of the group. Matzorkis said the employee, identified only as Rio, received a packet from the group on Tuesday night saying its members had committed suicide. Matzorkis, owner of Interact Entertainment of Beverly Hills, told CNN the package also contained a video showing the members saying goodbye and that they appeared happy about their decision. In an interview on the NBC &quot;Today&quot; show, he said Rio told him he had received two videotapes and a letter from the cult. The two then drove to Rancho Santa Fe on Wednesday. &quot;He read me the letter in the car ... and they explained that by the time this letter was being read that they will have already, as they described it, 'shed their containers,' which is I guess what they use to describe their bodies,&quot; Matzorkis said. According to the letter and the videotape, he said, the cult members believed &quot;that they were going to be taken away by, as odd as this sounds, I'm just telling you what I heard, by a UFO, that a UFO would come by and pick them up.&quot; He said he had met about 15 members of the cult, which designed computer Internet web pages, and they told him the UFO was hiding behind the Hale-Bopp comet as it neared Earth. &quot;They explained to me that they believed that there was a UFO following behind that comet and using it as a shield so it could not be detected by Earth and that that UFO may very well be the one to take them away,&quot; Matzorkis said. When he and Rio arrived at the $1.6-million mansion on Wednesday, he said, Rio went into the house. &quot;When he first came out he was white as a sheet. He said 'They did it.'&quot; Matzorkis said he then contacted police in San Diego and asked them to check the house. He said the pre-suicide videotapes showed the victims &quot;were quite jovial and excited about moving on to this next stage.&quot; In Washington, Attorney General Janet Reno said the FBI would be ready to help state and local law enforcement agencies in the investigation. &quot;The FBI is working with state and local law enforcement in monitoring the situation,&quot; she told her weekly Justice Department news briefing. &quot;I don't know whether there has been a request for assistance but we stand ready to assist, and I understand the FBI is working with state and local law enforcement,&quot; she said. Cmdr. Alan Fulmer of the San Diego County Sheriff's Department said the smell was so bad that police first feared the members may have died from poison gas, but they later determined the house smelled of death. &quot;There were no gas fumes in the house. The only smell coming out of that house was that of dead bodies,&quot; he said. Fulmer said he believed the 39, including an undetermined number of women, took their lives in a ritual that left them appearing as though they had died peacefully in their sleep. &quot;My supposition at this point is that it was a mass suicide.&quot; He said all the victims were cloaked in purple, triangular shrouds covering their faces and chests and wore black trousers and black tennis shoes. He said they were found lying on mattresses or cots with their hands at their sides as if they had fallen asleep. No suicide notes were found and there were no signs of physical trauma, adding to the mystery surrounding the deaths. Some 30 detectives and crime laboratory technicians from the sheriff's department were working on the case, Fulmer said, and experts from the Los Angeles Coroner's Office would be joining them later. Milton Silverman, a lawyer for the owner of the house, was quoted by local TV stations as saying it had been rented to a religious computer group led by a man called &quot;Father John&quot; and that its members, who did not drink alcohol or smoke and were celibate, believed they were sent to America as &quot;angels.&quot;
Allison Transmission said on Tuesday it and Aisin Seiki Co Ltd had concluded a memorandum of understanding to study joint marketing of commercial-duty automatic transmissions in Japan and other parts of Asia. The company said in a statement that Allison president John F. Smith and Aisin Seiki president Kanshiro Toyoda had signed the agreement at Aisin Seiki world headquarters in Kariya City. The companies began talks in late 1994. The memorandum comprises six specific initiatives between the two companies, each of which requires negotiation of final details. Financial terms were not disclosed. One of the initiatives involves the setting up of a joint venture company in Japan to market commercial-duty automatic transmissions to major Japanese original equipment manufacturers. All of Allison Transmission's on-highway automatic transmissions would be included in this joint marketing effort, which will likely be established in 1997. Other initiatives involve joint product development related to China and Aisin Seiki's supply of components to Allison Transmission, similar to the Allison 1000/2000 Series torque converter which was awarded to Aisin Seiki in April of this year. Aisin Seiki will manufacture the 1000/2000 Series torque converters at an Aisin World Corp of America facility in Crothersville, Ind. -- New York newsroom, (212) 859-1610
International Philippine coconut oil prices as reported by the United Coconut Associations of the Philippines (dollars per tonne cif Europe).       Buyers   Sellers   Last     Prev   MayJun   nq  660  nq  nq   JunJul   642.50   651.25    nq  nq   JulAug   640 646.25    nq  nq   AugSep   638.75   643.75    nq  640   SepOct   633.75   642.50    nq  nq   OctNov   nq  nq   nq  nq
Intense haggling over a statement on farm trade at the World Trade Organisation (WTO) ministerial meeting will probably not be settled until nearly the end of the conference, officials said on Thursday. The talks pit the European Union (EU), South Korea and Japan on one side and the United States and the Cairns Group of farm exporting countries, which range from Australia to Uruguay, on the other.   The dispute centres on proposed wording of the farm statement, which would mandate preliminary studies on farm issues to begin in 1997 to prepare for the start of formal negotiations on the issue in 1999. &quot;The U.S. and the Cairns Group want the preliminary talks to begin in 1997. Argentina wants to pin down the Europeans on this but the EU doesn't like it,&quot; an Asian agriculture minister said. A senior member of the U.S. delegation said: &quot;They're still haggling about it and this may take all night and take us close to the deadline tomorrow.'   He added: &quot;The Argentinians wanted stronger language in the agriculture declaration, but it will probably be toned down to keep the EU on board.&quot; There was no immediate comment available from EU officials. But a French government official told a meeting of farmers in France on Wednesday that Paris is strongly opposed to resuming negotiations in Singapore on the farm side of the 1994 GATT trade pact before the agreed 1999 deadline. But Australia, which heads the Cairns Group in the talks on the farm statement, insisted that the WTO's final declaration must include something on agriculture.   &quot;I would be bitterly disappointed if agriculture did not make it into the conference declaration,&quot; Australian Deputy Prime Minister Tim Fischer told a news conference on Thursday. Fischer said he was optimistic about progress on liberalising agricultural trade, one of the most contentious issues in the Uruguay Round of trade talks, which ended in 1994. The U.S. official said a farm statement should be available by the end of the conference on Friday but there would be more tough bargaining in the coming hours.   The Cairns Group and the United States want the WTO declaration to place emphasis on freeing up agricultural trade and endorsing a quicker removal of farm trade barriers. &quot;The EU doesn't want that kind of emphasis on farm trade,&quot; said an official of an Asian country which is a member of the Cairns Group. &quot;In fact, they don't want any mention of it whatsoever.&quot; Canadian Trade Minister Art Eggleton said there was a good chance of a separate statement being issued by the Cairns Group at the end of the conference but that it would not contradict the declaration.   &quot;We haven't finalised it yet but we're talking about it,&quot; he said.
Western Country Clubs Inc said on Monday president Troy Lowrie sold 1.3 million shares of common stock to Red River Concepts Inc for cash and a promissory note.   Red River owns and operates three country and western concert facilities. Western said in a statement its board would hire the managers of these facilities, then acquire the properties. Lowrie would remain on the board and Red River Concepts would elect two new board members, Western said. Western Country also operates three country and western concert facilities in St. Louis, Mo., Indianapolis and Tucson, Ariz. -- New York newsdesk 212-859-1610
Opposition New Zealand First Party leader Winston Peters said on Tuesday that raising the stake foreigners can hold in Air New Zealand Ltd was an &quot;act of deception&quot; by the government. The government said on Monday it had agreed to raise the proportion of Air NZ &quot;B&quot; shares, the only ones which foreigners can buy, to 49 percent from 35 percent. Foreign airlines would be allowed to hold up to 35 percent of Air NZ in total, with a 25 percent limit for any one foreign carrier.   Peters, whose party says it aims to defend New Zealand's economic sovereignty, said raising the limit was an act of deception so close to a general election. New Zealand goes to the polls on October 12. &quot;If they're prepared to go to 49 percent before the election, how (much) further will they go after it?&quot; he told Radio New Zealand. He said Air New Zealand could no longer be seen as a national carrier.   Doug Kidd, minister responsible for the government's &quot;kiwi share&quot; in Air NZ, said the change was to bring New Zealand's investment regime into line with Australia's for the purpose of the planned single aviation market between the two countries. The move coincided with Air New Zealand's announcement of terms for its planned purchase of half of Australia's Ansett Holdings from TNT Ltd for a total A$475 million. -- Wellington newsroom 64 4 473-4746
International Business Machines Corp. Thursday unveiled its first network computer, a scaled-down personal computer for corporate networks, priced at under $700. IBM said the new computer, called the Network Station, is the first in a series of network devices it plans and will be out by the end of the year. It will put IBM among the first computer companies to offer an inexpensive device that will link people to the Internet as well as provide typical applications such as word processing and spreadsheets. The computer is eight by 10 inches by 1-1/4 inches and weighs 2.5 pounds. It has an IBM PowerPC microprocessor, varying amounts of memory, a network adaptor card, keyboard and mouse, with the monitor optional. The machine will be manufactured by IBM and Network Computing Devices of Mountain View, Calif. IBM's model is aimed at the business market, which is now building intranets -- networks that allow employees connected to a network to communicate with each other, receive e-mail and have access to the Internet. The Network Station will support network access via corporate intranets using Ethernet and Token Ring technology connections. The system can access Sun Microsystems' Java language, Microsoft Corp.'s Windows NT software, UNIX, IBM's OS/2 operating system, and IBM's AS/400 minicomputers, RS/6000 workstations and System 390 mainframe computers. IBM said the Network Station will be the first network computer to use Netscape Corp.'s new updated World Wide Web browser, Navigator 3.0, which will be customised for the network computer by NAVIO, the new unit created by Netscape to develop a Web browser for network computers and consumer devices.
The Canadian composite leading indicator rose 0.8 percent in November to 183.2 (base 1981) after a 0.6 percent rise in October, Statistics Canada said on Tuesday. The indicator foreshadows economic activity by tabulating figures for sectors that rise or fall in advance of broader movements in the economy. The figure is &quot;smoothed&quot;, reflecting a moving average for approximately the past five months. The unsmoothed index, reflecting the past month only, rose 1.1 percent in the month to 187.2.  A Reuter survey of economists had forecast the smoothed index would rise 0.6 percent.           Nov  pct change Housing index     122.5    +2.6 Business, personal services ('000)    2,057     0.0 TSE 300 stock price index (1975)      5,377    +3.0 Money supply (M1) (millions of 1981 $)    33,559    +0.9 U.S composite leading indicator (1967)     218.9    +0.3 Average work week       38.2     0.0 New orders, durables (mlns of 1981 $)     12,829    +0.4 Shipments/Inventories        1.67   +0.02 Furniture, appliances (mlns of 1981 $)     1,148.8  +0.5 Other durable goods (mlns of 1981 $)  3,972.1   0.0 (For more information from Statistics Canada, contact Francine Roy at 613 951-3627 or Dominique Perusse at 613-951-1789 with the Current Economic Analysis Division.) ((Reuters Ottawa Bureau, 613-235-6745))
Six months ended September 30 (in million HK$ unless stated)     Shr (H.K. cents)    15.2   vs 14.5     Dividend (H.K. cents)    5.0    vs 5.0     Exceptional items   nil    vs nil     Net       92.48  vs 88.55     Turnover       475.40 vs 503.07     Company name   Chen Hsong Holdings Ltd     Books close    January 8-10, 1997     Dividend payable    January 24, 1997 NOTE - Chen Hsong is a plastic machinery manufacturer. -- Hong Kong Newsroom (852) 2843 6368
Latvia's Investment Bank said on Wednesday that its one million lat public bond issue was oversubscribed around two times.   &quot;The bank's lat denominated bond issue, the first public issue of its kind in Latvia, according to preliminary data, is oversubscribed around two times,&quot; Juris Jakobsons, the bank's vice president told a news conference. The subscribtion deadline is July 3, Jakobsons added. The issue is of 10,000 bonds with a nominal value of 100 lats. The coupon is the average yield of Latvian government six-month T-bills plus 1.25 basis points. The Investment bank is an institution of the Latvian government and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) which channels loans to medium and small-sized companies. The bank said it was very satisfied with the results of the issue and was ready offer its services to companies that might be interested in issuing their bonds. &quot;There are quite a number of good companies in this country who would be able to do that and we have already had interest expressed from some,&quot; Jakobsons said. &quot;The investment bank does not plan a bond issue in the nearest future,&quot; Jakobsons said. -- Martinsh Gravitis, Riga newsroom, +371 721 5240
International investment house Nomura has said it wants to help the Baltic state of Lithuania privatise its state-owned telecommunications firm Lietuvos Telekomas, the communications minister said on Friday. Communications Minister Rimantas Pleikys told Reuters that Nomura is to draw up a privatisation strategy for the telecommunications company, whose assets are estimated to be worth some 1.5 billion litas. &quot;Nomura will submit suggestions expressing their opinion on how some of the communications companies could be privatised, including Lietuvos Telekomas,&quot; Pleikys said after he met a Nomura delegation, on a visit to Lithuania. &quot;We have not decided who will prepare the privatisation and who will implement it. Investment partners will be chosen through international tenders. One of the potential partners is Nomura,&quot; Pleikys added. The sale of the telecommunications company is one of the pledges that the new right-wing government of Prime Minister Gediminas Vagnorius made when it came to office. It has said that it wants generally to speed up privatisation and the sale of a stake in the national airline has also been mentioned. The head of Lietuvos Telekomas was due to meet Nomura later on Friday. -- Riga Newsroom, +371 721 5240
Four states Thursday urged a federal judge to reject a proposed class-action settlement of consumer complaints against Prudential Insurance Co. of America, calling the deal unfair to consumers. Florida, Massachusetts, Texas and California said they filed objections to the settlement, which calls for Prudential to pay at least $410 million to as many as 10.7 million policyholders who say they were victims of deceptive sales practices. The states said the settlement offer was inadequate and placed too much of a burden on customers to prove that fraudulent misrepresentations were made when they purchased their policies. Prudential defended the settlement. &quot;We believe the settlement is fair and equitable to the policyholders, and 45 states agree with us,&quot; Prudential said. One of the lead attorneys who negotiated the settlement, Melvyn Weiss, also defended the deal, saying some of the states did not understand it. Policyholders had until Thursday to decide whether to remain members of the class action or battle Prudential on their own. As of last week, about 9,000 policyholders had declared they were opting out of the settlement. Weiss said he did not yet know how many have pulled out of the deal. But if a significant number of policyholders opt out, Prudential could face additional costly legal battles. The proposed settlement alone could cost Prudential as much as $1.2 billion in direct expenses and could have a total value to policyholders of almost $2 billion based on an expert opinion provided by accounting firm Arthur Andersen. Under the settlement, people who bought permanent life insurance from 1982 to 1995 are eligible for enhanced life insurance, annuities, and low-cost premium loans. Some may be eligible for other restitution, depending on how much damage they suffered. Opponents and supporters of the proposed settlement will have a chance to present their arguments at a hearing scheduled for Jan. 21 before U.S. District Judge Alfred Wolin in Newark, N.J. Meanwhile, Prudential has until Dec. 30 to respond to a formal administrative complaint filed by Florida Insurance Commissioner Bill Nelson last week. Nelson's complaint alleges Prudential obstructed a state probe of the company's sales practices. He said Prudential could lose its license to operate in Florida if it did not provide requested documents. In addition to those complaints, the Massachusetts attorney general's office plans to review alleged destruction of documents at a Prudential office in Cambridge, Mass.. Prudential, which disclosed the document destruction Monday, called the action deplorable and said it had dismissed the Cambridge office's managing director. Wolin on Wednesday ordered an investigation into the incident and asked for a report by Dec. 27.
French bond futures remained rangebound during a nervous session as traders awaited the first opinion polls of voters' intentions for the upcoming May 25 parliamentary election. Traders said strong buying by a French brokerage at the open pushed the contract to the session high at 128.54 but it then drifted lower to test key support at 128.20/24. Traders said the fact the June contract survived numerous attempts to break lower prompted some to cover shorts late in the session, sparking a small rebound. The contract settled up 0.14 at 128.42   Traders said the two-year part of the French curve was in demand on Tuesday as the market stabilised following the official announcement late on Monday of the election. Traders said some domestics investors who sold two-year BTANs yesterday bought back the notes today. One trader said there was talk a French SICAV had bought between three and four billion francs of the benchmark April 1999 BTAN. Another said that some investors who had put on curve flattening trades recently, involving selling of two BTANs and buying five-year BTANs, were reversing their positions, again boosting demand for two-year BTANs.   June PIBOR, one of the contracts hardest hit by the political uncertainty last week, once again came in for a rocky ride, trading in a 14 basis point range. Traders said one of the main sellers during the past three sessions, a U.S. fund, cleared its position by buying back some 5,000 lots of short positions, in turn triggering stops at other brokerages and pushing the contract to its high of 96.42. The session was busy with 86,010 contracts changing hands. One trader said he thought it unlikely the contract would get much beyond 96.40 for now although he expected good support between 96.22 and 96.28.   Traders said speculation about sharp moves on the back of opinion polls kept the PIBOR options pit busy. The most active June option were the 96.50 calls with some 10,550 contracts traded. One British house bought 2,000 June puts at 95.00. Analysts said any sign the opposition Socialists were gaining ground would hit prices. Socialist leader Lionel Jospin has said he would not implement further tough fiscal policies to ensure France hits strict deficit targets for joining EMU. &quot;We'll be eating, drinking and sleeping polls over the next few weeks,&quot; a bond analyst at a French bank said.
These are significant items in the Ivorian press on Tuesday. Reuters has not verified these items and does not vouch for their accuracy. FRATERNITE MATIN - France Telecom hands cheque for 105 billion CFA francs to Ivory Coast government after formal signature of accord for its takeover of privatised Ivorian phone company Ci-Telcom. - Ci-Telcom offers subscribers direct access to Japan telephone operators; reverse calls to Japan now possible, advertisement says. - Burkina Faso's cellular phone network goes live, Ci-Telcom advertisement says LA VOIE - Frenchman Alain Petit replaces Ivorian Brou N'Gbla as chief executive of privatised phone company Ci-Telcom. - Coffee producers reduce their export volumes as supply outstrips demand on world markets. LE JOUR - Traders keep up protests over plans to relocate them from Adjame market in Abidjan. ($=550 CFA) -- Abidjan newsroom +225 21 90 90
Leading scorers in the English premier league after Saturday's matches: 16 - Ian Wright (Arsenal), Alan Shearer (Newcastle) 12 - Dwight Yorke (Aston Villa) 11 - Robbie Fowler (Liverpool) 10 - Les Ferdinand (Newcastle) 9 - Fabrizio Ravanelli (Middlesbrough), Matthew Le Tissier (Southampton), Efan Ekoku (Wimbledon), Chris Sutton (Blackburn), Ole Gunnar Solskjaer (Manchester United)
HA-LO Industries Inc said Wednesday it signed a contract under which OfficeMax Inc will market advertising specialties provided by HA-LO through its 300-member outside sales staff. The national program will begin in early December. HA-LO is distributor of specialty and premium advertising products. Cleveland-based OfficeMax is a high-volume, deep-discount office products superstore chain.     -- Chicago newsdesk 312 408-8787
Robertson, Stephens &amp; Co analyst Ed Weller started coverage of Piercing Pagoda Inc, a retailer of moderately priced gold jewelry in mall kiosks. -- said the company is more than 10 times the size of its nearest competitor, giving it &quot;overwhelming dominance&quot; in the market and providing a clear indication of good management. -- noted the company is &quot;earning very attractive rates of return on investment.&quot; -- estimated sales will grow 30 percent in the fiscal year ending March 1998. sees earnings at $1.61 a share in fiscal 1998 and $1.95 in fiscal 1999. -- shares were at 25-1/8, up 1/8, in late morning trade.
Russia's State Duma lower house of parliament urged the government on Wednesday to postpone the privatisation of Russia's biggest insurance company Rosgosstrakh until the Audit Chamber has finished evaluating its assets and privatisation plan. The Duma asked the Audit Chamber to report on Rosgosstrakh by March 10. The Russian Federal Property Fund has said it will sell 50 percent of Rosgosstrakh at a cash auction. Of the remaining 50 percent, Rosgosstrakh employees have subscribed for 20 percent and will have a priority right to buy a further 30 percent. Prime-TASS agency quoted Duma privatisation committee chairman Pavel Bunich as saying on Wednesday that employees bought shares with a face value of 1,000 roubles at 5,260 roubles, while shares at the auction would be sold at a starting price of 250,000 roubles. --Moscow Newsroom, +7095 941 8520
The Warsaw Interbank Offered Rate (WIBOR) for three-month deposits is expected to ease to 19.04 percent by the end of the year from 22.49 percent on Monday, a Reuter poll of Poland's 26 biggest banks showed. The prediction is a mean average of banks' forecasts ranging from 17.25 percent to 21.60 percent. Last month, banks saw the rate at 18.66 percent on average at the end of 1997. Banks expected the rate to ease to 18.63 percent in March 1998 with a range of predictions from 16.25 to 21.65 percent. They said the rate would be fall to 22.31 percent on average this month with a range from 21.37 to 22.70 percent. -- Warsaw Newsroom +48 22 653 9700
Investors subscribed for 1.488.811 shares or 99.3 percent of Polish developer firm Echo Investment first leg of its rights issue, the company said in a statement on Monday. Earlier the company said that if in the first leg not all shares were subscribed shareholders would be able to subscribe for the remaining shares from December 16, 1996 to January 2, 1997. -- Warsaw Newsroom +48 22 653 9700
Results of Northern Ireland Gold Cup soccer matches on Saturday: Group A  Coleraine   0    Portadown      0  Newry       0    Bangor    4 Group B  Crusaders   2    Ballymena      1  Larne       2    Ards      2 Group C  Carrick     3    Cliftonville   2  Omagh Town  1    Glentoran      0 Group D  Ballyclare  1    Linfield  3  Glenavon    7    Distillery     0
QATAR GOVERNMENT LIST (961022)   Emir (Ruler)...............Sheikh HAMAD bin Khalifa al-Thani    (Also Prime Minister &amp; Minister of Defence)   Crown Prince (heir apparent).........Sheikh JASSIM bin Hamad        bin Khalifa al-Thani       - - - - - - - CABINET (Formed 11 July 1995):   Prime Minister......................................See Emir   Deputy Prime Minister...Sheikh ABDULLAH bin Khalifa al-Thani    (Also Minister of the Interior)       - - - - - - - MINISTERS   Communications, Transport............Abdullah Saleh al-MANNA   Defence.............................................See Emir   Education..........................Abdel-Aziz Abdullah TURKI   Emiri Court..................Sheikh HAMAD bin Sahim al-Thani   Endowments &amp; Islamic  Affairs..............Sheikh ABDULLAH bin Khaled al-Thani   Energy &amp; Industry..............Abdullah bin Hamad al-ATTIYAH   Finance, Economy &amp;  Trade...............Sheikh MOHAMMAD bin Khalifa al-Thani   Foreign Affairs....Sheikh HAMAD bin Jassim bin Jabr al-Thani   Health.................................Ali Said al-KHIYAREEN   Information &amp; Culture.............Hamad Abdul Aziz al-KAWARI   Interior...........................See Deputy Prime Minister   Justice............................Najeeb Mohammad al-NUAIMI   Minister of State.............Sheikh AHMAD bin Saif al-Thani   Minister of State  ........Sheikh HASSAN bin Abdullah bin Mohammad al-Thani   Minister of State for Cabinet  Affairs..............Sheikh MOHAMMAD bin Khaled al-Thani   Minister of State for Defence (Also Deputy Commander  of Armed Forces)......Sheikh HAMAD bin Abdullah al-Thani   Minister of State for Foreign  Affairs........................Ahmad Abdullah al-MAHMOOD   Municipal Affairs &amp;  Agriculture..............Sheikh AHMAD bin Hamad al-Thani   Power &amp; Water..................Ahmad Mohammad Ali al-SUBAI'E         - - - - - - -   Governor of Qatar Monetary Agency    (Central Bank)...............Abdullah bin Khaled al-ATTIYAH         - - - - - - -   NOTE: Any comments/queries on the content of this    government list, please contact the Reuter    Editorial Reference Unit, London, on (171) 542    7968.     (End Government List)
The Dutch central bank on Monday raised interest rates for the second time in less than two weeks in a bid to prop up the ailing guilder. But the move had little immediate effect on the currency's value against the German deutschemark, prompting talk of yet another tightening of monetary policy. It also barely moved the Dutch bond market, which had been weighed down by speculation of the rate hike. The bank raised the special advances rate to commercial banks, which sets the tone for money market rates, to 2.90 percent from 2.70 percent. It also lifted the secured loans rate, which sets the floor for money rates, to 2.50 percent from 2.00 percent. &quot;As usual, our monetary policy...is aimed at the maintenance of the guilder's track against the deutschemark,&quot; central bank spokesman Jan Paul Korthals told Reuters. This closed some of the interest rate gap between the Netherlands and Germany, its largest trading partner. The special advances rate is now just 10 basis points below its German equivalent, the repo rate, while the secured loans rate is now level with Germany's key discount rate. The special advances rate had been increased by 20 basis points on February 27 in a bid to stem the mark's rise against the guilder. The Netherlands tries to ensure the guilder trades in a narrow range against the German currency because of the trading ties between the two European neighbours. But despite the first hike, the mark had risen above 1.1260 guilders just before the rate move, from 1.1243 at the time of the first increase. MeesPierson economist Eric Nienhuis was not surprised by the second move. &quot;It was good to close this gap between the (German and Dutch) short term interest rates,&quot; he said. He also noted that the guilder/mark rate had barely reacted, easing just below 1.1260, but said he expected more of an impact eventually. Wike Groenenberg of Salomon Brothers told Reuters Financial Television there was no need for the central bank to raise rates again if the currency stabilised. &quot;If it weakens further then (it) will be very quick to increase interest rates and it may increase (them) to above German rates,&quot; she added. Martin Leen of ING saw the move as a first step to closing the interest rate gap with Germany completely. &quot;The Netherlands is experiencing higher economic growth and inflation as compared to Germany and it is logical that Dutch rates are brought back in line with German rates,&quot; he said. In the bond market, dealers detected little response to the widely expected tightening of monetary policy with the losses in the short end of the guilder curve occuring before, and in expectation of, the move. &quot;It was anticipated, so not too much happened,&quot; said one trader.
Combination treatment with aspirin and the hormone prednisone is not effective in helping women reduce the chance of miscarriages and may increase the risk of premature births, a study showed on Wednesday. The study, which will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine, found the combination treatment did not increase the likelihood that women who have had repeated miscarriages will be able to carry an infant to term. The treatment, instead, may dramatically increase the risk of premature births, the study found. A team led by Dr. Carl A. Laskin of the University of Toronto based its results on 385 women who had at least two miscarriages and tested positive for a very sensitive immune system that may have been responsible for their spontaneous abortions. Of the 202 volunteers who became pregnant, half took the prednisone/aspirin combination and 66 had babies. The remainder, who were given a placebo, produced 57 babies, which was not a significant statistical difference. Yet when the researchers looked at the number of babies that were premature, they found a sharp difference between the two groups. More infants were born prematurely in the treatment group, 62 percent, than in the placebo group, 12 percent, researchers said. In addition, the likelihood that the mother would develop high blood pressure and diabetes was about three times higher among those taking the prednisone/aspirin combination. &quot;Prednisone and aspirin are not effective in preventing foetal loss&quot; in women whose immune systems carry self-destructive antibodies, the group concluded.
Arsenal scrapped to a hard-fought 2-0 win over nine-man Sunderland on Saturday to move into second place in the English premier league, level on points with leaders Liverpool who play West Ham on Sunday. Arsenal won with a John Hartson header after 73 minutes and a second from substitute Ray Parlour two minutes from time. But the real drama came in the first half when Sunderland manager Peter Reid was ordered from the dug-out as his side had two men sent off in 18 minutes by referee Paul Danson. Defender Martin Scott and striker Paul Stewart were both shown the red card for relatively minor offences. Scott was sent off after 21 minutes for a second foul on Arsenal defender Lee Dixon while Stewart was booked for a deliberate handball early in the match and was booked again and sent off after 39 minutes for appearing to handle the ball a second time. Reid had a shouting match with the referee after Scott's dismissal and was then banished from the dug-out. Wimbledon, who started the season with three straight league defeats, chalked up their fifth successive league win with a 2-0 victory at Derby with Robbie Earle (49th) and Marcus Gayle (70th) scoring. That moved Wimbledon up from sixth to third, level on points with Newcastle who play Aston Villa on Monday. The highest scorers of the day were Southampton, who beat Middlesbrough 4-0 for their first league win of the season. Matt Le Tissier scored twice with Matthew Oakley and Gordon Watson adding the others. Everton, who missed a sixth minute penalty when skipper David Unsworth fired against the bar, also bounced back to winning ways when they beat Sheffield Wednesday 2-0 thanks to goals from Andrei Kanchelskis (17th) and Graham Stuart (60th). It was their first win in nine games since the first day of the season. Wednesday, who won their opening four games to top the table, have now gone six league and cup games without a victory. Chelsea, beaten 5-1 by Liverpool last week and 3-1 by second division Blackpool in the league cup in midweek, almost bounced back to beat Nottingham Forest who made it 1-1 through Jason Lee in the last minute. Italian striker Gianluca Vialli had put Chelsea ahead after 51 minutes. In the other matches a 60th minute Emile Heskey goal gave Leicester a 1-0 win over Leeds, and lowly Coventry and Blackburn drew 0-0.
Shares of Chinese property firm Winsan (China) Investment Group Co Ltd made their trading debut at HK$2.00 per share, compared with their issue price of HK$2.01 per share.   The company shares quickly fell to HK$1.88 following the first two minutes of trade. Winsan (China) is a property investor and developer in the region of Yangze River Delta and Fuzhou. Residential property comprises a major portion of its portfolio. It offered 250 million new shares at HK$2.01 each in an initial public offering of shares in Hong Kong. The public offering portion of 112.5 million shares was 1.3 times subscribed. Another 107.5 million shares were placed with international institutional investors. Bank of China Group Investment Ltd, Beijing Enterprises Holdings Ltd and Shanghai Industrial Holdings Ltd also each took one percent or 10 million shares of the company's enlarged issued capital. The properties developed by the company are targeted at China domestic consumers which are mainly Chinese enterprises. Winsan had said it would use the proceeds to fund its development projects in Chinese cities of Shanghai, Beijing, Fuzhou, Suzhou, and Nanjing, and for working capital. -- Hong Kong Newsroom (852) 2843 6370
Malaysia hopes for a trade surplus for the third straight month in October, Deputy Finance Minister Affifuddin Omar said on Wednesday. &quot;October (figures) will be coming soon. We hope it is possibly a surplus,&quot; he told reporters after opening a seminar on interest rate futures. &quot;Inshallah (by the grace of god),&quot; he said when asked to confirm if it would be a surplus in October. &quot;No, how can I commit myself,&quot; he said, when pressed further.   On Saturday, Malaysia announced a trade surplus of 668.4 million ringgit for September against a surplus of 604.5 million in August and a deficit of 280 million in September, 1995. Affifuddin said there could be some inflationary pressures arising towards the end of the year due to the release of nearly one billion ringgit into the market in the form of bonus payments to government employees. &quot;The government has already taken pre-emptive measures. Like the government has liberalised the importation of food, which has the biggest weightage on the CPI (Consumer Price Index),&quot; the minister said.   However, he declined to say if there would any change to the government's tight monetary policy stance next year as inflation is brought under control and the current account deficit drops. &quot;One of our major aims in 1997 is to manage the current account deficit as well as maintain a low inflation rate,&quot; Affifuddin said. &quot;Theoretically you have to tighten by decreasing money supply and by decreasing the velocity of the money. But, I am not saying that the government will be doing it,&quot; he said. -- Kuala Lumpur newsroom (603-230 8911)
1550 GMT - German bund futures end firmer, but off new record high. Market mood positive, but trade quiet due carnival holidays in Germany. Some profit-taking seen. * 6.00% Jan 2007 Bund 103.13, yld 5.58 pct (102.88) * March Bund future 102.95 (102.65),range so far 102.70-103.02
Uganda's foreign ministry said on Wednesday the government had agreed to the use of Entebbe airport as a base for international relief operations in the eastern Zaire crisis. &quot;We have previously said that they (the international community) can use Entebbe as a base for the relief efforts for the refugees in eastern Zaire and that has not changed,&quot; Ugandan foreign ministry spokesman Louis Balinda told Reuters. Canada, impatient with the indecision on the eastern Zaire refugee crisis, on Tuesday proposed that a military headquarters for relief operations be set up in Uganda. Uganda's Balinda said a United States relief advance team had already set up base at Entebbe &quot;and we see no problem with the Canadians joining their brothers there&quot;. Uganda borders Zaire, but does not have easy road links with the area the refugees are in. The U.N. Security Council mandated a Canadian-led military force for eastern Zaire on November 15, but the subsequent return of about 600,000 refugees into Rwanda and confusion over how many still remain has caused lengthy reassessment. &quot;Our view is that there needs to be some decisions soon on a course of action,&quot; Canadia Foreign Minister Lloyd Axworthy said on Tuesday. &quot;So we'll be proposing to our partners -- and we hope we can get some closure in the next 24 hours -- that we go ahead with the establishment of a military headquarters operation in Entebbe to help coordinate matters and prepare for future actions, including reconnaissance flights into Zaire.&quot;
The initial public share offer of leading Kenyan hotel concern Serena Lodges &amp; Hotels was four times oversubscribed, the group's financial advisers said on Tuesday. Barclays Merchant Finance Ltd said a of 38.7 million shares were applied for compared to 9,025,100 shares on offer. The offer was at a price of 13 shillings ($0.24) per share. &quot;This is one of the largest such oversubscriptions in recent years and suggests considerable investor confidence in TPS and its future in what is an increasingly competitive tourism industry in Kenya,&quot; an official at Barclays said. The 9,025,100 shares on offer, or 23.3 percent of total shareholding, were held by government tourism agency Kenya Tourism Development Corporation (KTDC) in TPS (Tourism Promotion Services), which is majority owned by the Aga Khan. There were 15,800 applicants for the share out of which 7,782 applied for less than 600 shares while 8,018, including 738 institutional investors, applied for more than 600 shares. Barclays would not say what percentage of the subscription was by foreign investors. It said those who applied for up to 600 shares would receive the minimum 500 shares each while applicants above 600 shares would receive 640 shares each. Barclays said institutional investors would also be confined to 640 shares each. &quot;Clearly, the figures show the share has become a retail share and it's going to be very interesting to watch how it will perform in the secondary market,&quot; a senior broker said. The Serena group has projected an increased turnover of 1.27 billion shillings ($23.96 million) and an after-tax profit of 66.3 million for the year ending 31 December 1997, compared to a turnover of 1.16 billion shillings and an after-tax profit of 41.2 million shillings for the year ending 31 December 1996. Serena Lodges &amp; Hotels operates two luxury hotels in the capital Nairobi and the resort of Mombasa and three lodges in the game reserves of Masai Mara, Amboseli and Samburu. Barclays said it would refund cash for unsuccessful applications by 30th April. The heavy oversubscription surprised brokers who had seen the share as being undermined by scepticism over Kenya's future as a preferred tourist destination. The Central Bank of Kenya's economic review for March showed a drop of seven percent in tourism earnings to $447 million in the year to January 1997 from $482 million the previous year. The success in the flotation on the Nairobi Stock Exchange of Serena follows that of Kenya Airways, National Bank of Kenya and Kenya Commercial Bank in 1996. ($1=53 Kenyan shillings). --Nairobi Newsroom +=254-2 330-261.
Year to February 15, 1997  (Parent) (in billions of yen unless specified)  Sales   54.12  vs    52.78  Operating   305 million  vs   156 million  Current     701 million  vs   501 million  Net    278 million  vs   442 million  EPS      9.03 yen   vs    14.32 yen  Diluted EPS      -  vs   -  Shares      31 million   vs   31 million  Ord div      10.00 yen   vs    10.00 yen NOTE - Nomura Co Ltd is a leading contractor for displays in commercial, cultural and exhibition facilities.
British Airways Plc was threatened with a strike by ground staff at its London Heathrow and Gatwick airports on Monday over plans to sell off its Heathrow catering production division. The Transport and General Work Union(T&amp;G) said that it is to ballot 9,000 ground staff members including baggage handlers, clerical and check-in workers as well as the catering staff. The T&amp;G said the result of the ballot will be announced on June 30, just as the summer travel season gets into full swing.   The airline deplored the move and vowed to keep services going if there was a strike. &quot;The T&amp;G announcement represents only an intention to ballot. There is no commitment from staff to strike and we hope that staff will reject this suggestion because there is absolutely no justification for it,&quot; said a company spokesman. &quot;We have contingency plans in place and come what may we will continue to fly,&quot; he said. BA put the long-haul catering business up for sale in April as part of its &quot;business efficiency&quot; campaign, aimed at finding a billion pounds of savings in annual costs from outsourcing and rationalisation. The T&amp;G accused BA management of wanting to create a &quot;virtual airline&quot; selling little more than a brand of service operated by outside contractors, something BA's chief executive Robert Ayling has denied. &quot;No British Airways employee will be safe from similar schemes if the catering sell-off goes ahead,&quot; George Ryde, the T&amp;G's national secretary for aviation, said in a statement. &quot;This is a highly productive and cost-effective operation and its sale only makes sense as part of a plan to turn BA into a 'virtual airline'.&quot; The T&amp;G also dimissed assurances BA has given that there would be no job losses among the 1,200 staff it employs, producing about 25,000 meals a day for its long-haul catering opearation. Its short-haul catering already employs outside contractors. BA said in announcing record profits last month that it had identified 600 million pounds of savings out of the one billion-pounds target. But the moves threaten a summer of discontent amongst its 58,000 employees, with 8,500 cabin crew represented by a unit of the T&amp;G already threatening strike action in a pay restructuring dispute. The result of that ballot is due to be announced on June 27, although a second cabin crew union, Cabin Crew 89, representing 3,500 mainly long-haul staff, have agreed &quot;exactly the same deal,&quot; said a company spokesman. 'Business Efficiency' initiatives announced so far include pay and job restructuring deals in baggage handling and the World Cargo division, rationalisation of some accounting functions, closure of its loss-making Contract Handling business serving third-party airline traffic at London Heathrow and outsourcing of ground vehicles services. &quot;We have already reached agreement with 30,000 staff and their union representatives across the business on our efficiency prgramme,&quot; said the company spokesman. &quot;Any strike (by the T&amp;G) would throw these agreements into jeopardy,&quot; he added. -- Greg Mahlich, London Newsroom +44 171 542 7717
Result of Dutch first division soccer played on Sunday:  Graafschap     2  PSV Eidhoven    1  Ajax Amsterdam      2  Sparta Rotterdam     0  Twente Enschede     0  Feyenoord Rotterdam  1  Volendam       2  Willem II Tilburg    1  Groningen      2  NEC Nijmegen    4  RKC Waalwijk   0  Roda JC Kerkrade     2 Played on Saturday:  NAC Breda      1  AZ Alkmaar      0  Fortuna Sittard     1  Utrecht    3 Played on Friday:  Vitesse Arnhem      1  Heerenveen      1 Standings (tabulate under played, won, drawn, lost, goals for, goals against, points):  Feyenoord Rotterdam  6     5    1    0    13    3    16  PSV Eindhoven   6     5    0    1    21    5    15  Twente Enschede      6     3    2    1     7    4    11  Heerenveen      6     3    1    2    13    8    10  Graafschap Doetinchem     6     3    1    2    11    7    10  Roda JC Kerkrade     6     2    4    0     8    3    10  Ajax Amsterdam  6     3    1    2     4    4    10  NAC Breda       6     3    1    2     4    7    10  Vitesse Arnhem  5     2    2    1     6    4     8  NEC Nijmegen    6     2    2    2     8   11     8  Fortuna Sittard      6     2    1    3     5    9     7  Utrecht    6     1    3    2     7    7     6  Sparta Rotterdam     6     1    2    3     5    8     5  RKC Waalwijk    5     1    1    3     7   12     4  AZ Alkmaar      6     1    1    4     2    6     4  Willem II Tilburg    6     1    1    4     5   11     4  Volendam   6     1    1    4     5   13     4  Groningen       6     0    3    3     5   14     3
Midfielder Ali Benarbia scored twice in less than four minutes as 10-man Monaco twice came from behind to draw 3-3 at Lyon on Sunday and stay seven points clear at the top of the French first division. After 55 minutes and with the score tied at 1-1, Monaco captain Franck Dumas received his second red card of the season when he committed his second bookable offence of the evening. Brazilian striker Anderson, scoring his 13th league goal of the season, put Monaco ahead in the eighth minute when he volleyed home a cross from midfielder Sylvain Legwinski. But mid-table Lyon equalised 10 minutes later through striker Franck Gava who headed home a cross from Christophe Cocard whose goal just after the hour initiated a 10-minute four-goal spree. Bernabia equalised in the 67th minute but, two minutes later, Ludovic Giuly put Lyon ahead again with his eighth goal of the season. Benarbia, however, ensured a share of the points when he levelled the score again in the 71st minute. Elsewhere, Bastia beat Strasbourg 3-1 at home to join Paris St Germain, held 1-1 by Cannes at the Parc des Princes on Saturday, in second place although PSG have the better goal difference.
The New Zealand dollar closed higher on Thursday, rebounding from recent weakness on strong Asian and local corporate buying. The Kiwi finished at US$0.6927/34 and 68.17 on its Trade-Weighted Index, from 0.6890/00 and 68.00 at the opening. &quot;A very solid performance in the Kiwi on balance today. The U.S. dollar's weakness has contributed to it, and the strength we've seen in the Aussie in the last 24 hours. The fact that we haven't seen any major U.S. fund selling overnight in the Kiwi was a big positive today,&quot; a bank chief dealer said.   He said some supply had come back in around 0.6925 but the market was evenly balanced, with quite a few people sitting short Kiwi. While progess would probably be limited in the next 24 hours, he did not rule out a move towards 0.6950-70. The currency traded as high as 0.6938 during the session, where it ran into profit-taking, and another trader said the market had felt short all day. He said any dips overnight would be limited, and the currency may take a look at 0.6950, but there was some wariness about the possibility of more U.S. selling.   -- Wellington newsroom 64 4 4734 746
Analysts warmly welcomed the confirmation on Tuesday that Amersham International Plc and Pharmacia &amp; Upjohn Inc were to merge their life science operations. Alyson Coates of SocGen said although the structure of the merger, with Amersham holding 55 percent of the new company, reflected Amersham's greater profitability, the merger was good for both companies. &quot;This is not one side taking the lion's share,&quot; she said. Merrill Lynch analyst Nigel Barnes said the merger &quot;makes a great deal of strategic sense. The businesses are complementary and I'm sure the sum of the two parts will be significantly enhancing for the business as a whole.&quot; Coates welcomed a clear presentation of synergies between the two businesses, and a determination to bring Pharmacia Biotech's profitability up to the levels enjoyed at Amersham Life Science, which has profit margins of around 24 percent. &quot;Pharmacia will give Amersham more access to the biotech sector and there are also synergies in the customer base,&quot; she said. She said traditionally Pharmacia Biotech had been strong in separating biomolecules, while Amersham's skills lay in detecting and labelling them. Analysts said the split would allow Amersham's management to concentrate on its increasingly successful healthcare operation, which specialises in nuclear diagnostics and treatments for conditions such as cancers and strokes. Barnes said the merger had been structured so as to leave Amersham's options open, allowing it either to create completely separate life science and healthcare businesses or to eventually take total control of Amersham Pharmacia Biotech by buying out Pharmacia &amp; Upjohn. Coates added that &quot;in the long term I think we'll see this will signal Amersham's intention to position the two businesses independently.&quot; The detail of the agreement announced on Tuesday also reflected the fact that the two companies had been talking since the start of the year, analysts said. With a clear management structure in place, the merger business should avoid some of the pitfalls of international mergers, most notably suffered by Pharmacia Biotech's parent. &quot;It is very clear they have been talking for some time and I an confident that they will go forward and integrate quickly,&quot; Barnes said. --Jonathan Birt London Newsroom +44 171 542 7717
Financial Security Assurance said Wednesday it qualified for municipal bond insurance the following nine issues scheduled for competitive sale today. --Tempe UHSD, Ariz., $28.015 million school improvement bonds. --Florida Department of Transportation $55.895 million revenue bonds. --Highland Water District, Ind., $1.74 million waterworks system revs. --Mahwah Twp BOE, N.J., $13.650 million school district. --Deer Park UFSD, N.Y., $7.5 million school district. --Delaware Valley SD, Pa., $21.79 million GOs. --Moon Twp., Pa., $1.23 million GOs. --Rock Hill SD, S.C., $28.5 million GOs --Washington $265 million GOs. --U.S. Municipal Desk, 212-859-1650
The Egyptian pound was little changed against the dollar on Tuesday and large quantities of the U.S. currency continued to flow into the private sector market, bankers said. &quot;There are lots of dollars in the market. Investors seem to be trying to invest into the stock market,&quot; one banker said. &quot;The market is bullish.&quot; Four actively trading banks quoted the dollar at between 3.3880 and 3.3910 bid and at between 3.3900 and 3.3950 offered in the interbank market. The average rate on Tuesday was 3.3893 bid and 3.3923 offered. These averages compare to 3.3896 bid and 3.3912 offered on Monday. The central bank calculated the average exchange rate at midday as buy 3.389637 and sell 3.395014. -- Cairo newsroom +202 578 3290/1
Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd, facing tough competition and the impending handover of its Hong Kong home to China, is hitting even more turbulence from disgruntled pilots and mechanical problems on some aircraft. Hong Kong Aircrew Officers Association (HKAOA) members on Wednesday overwhelmingly voted to work to rule, saying cost-cutting is threatening the blue chip company's reputation as a fair employer and safe carrier. &quot;Something must be done before our members reach breaking point,&quot; said the HKAOA, which said Cathay Pacific pilots would refuse to work on their guaranteed days off (G-days). The airline said the HKAOA was using the G-day issue against Cathay Pacific ahead of annual salary talks. HKAOA warned its action might cause cancellations of Cathay Pacific flights, but the airline denied this. Analysts say Cathay Pacific must cut costs in the teeth of tough international competition, not least from mainland China. Last year, China National Aviation Corp (CNAC) threatened to take Cathay Pacific on directly by setting up in Hong Kong and applying for an air operator's certificate. In a compromise deal, CNAC instead bought 36 percent of Hong Kong Dragon Airlines, mostly from Cathay Pacific and Swire Pacific Ltd Now as the handover of Hong Kong to China looms on July 1, China's CITIC Pacific Ltd controls 25 percent of the territory's carrier Cathay Pacific, and Chinese-owned CNAC has a slice of Dragonair, a successful and well-managed Hong Kong airline. A Chinese airline, Air China, is also threatening to grab a lucrative slice of Cathay Pacific's Hong Kong to London passenger flights. The inroads being made by new contenders are putting pressure on Cathay Pacific to prune costs, which some say is changing its corporate culture and increasing staff turnover. The HKAOA says seven senior pilots resigned in one month alone in 1996. However, cockpit costs are still high, with a pilot and first officer costing about HK$2.9 million a year in salary and benefits, according to one airline analyst. &quot;At the end of the day, these pilots are still the best paid in the world,&quot; he said. Cathay Pacific also played down problems in the Trent 700 engines built by Rolls-Royce Plc which have forced a series of unscheduled single-engine landings recently. It says a gearbox bearing is at fault, and all the gearbox bearings in its fleet of 11 Airbus A330-300 aircraft using the Trent 700 engine are being replaced. &quot;There is absolutely no question of danger to passengers,&quot; Swire Pacific finance director Peter Johansen told Reuters. The HKAOA says Swire, a 43.86 percent shareholder in Cathay Pacific, is partly to blame for problems at the airline. The HKAOA quoted unnamed analysts as speculating that Swire was looking to maximise the airline's profits and increase shareholder value ahead of selling out. &quot;This would create a more valuable exit from the airline, as they further reduce their shareholding,&quot; the HKAOA said. However Cathay Pacific spokesman Kwan Chuk-fai told Reuters, &quot;They (Swire) don't have any plans to change their shareholding.&quot; -- Hong Kong newsroom (852) 2843 6321
Swiss Reinsurance Co, fresh from its swoop on Britain's Mercantile and General Re, said on Monday it was in talks with Italy's Istituto Nazionale delle Assicurazioni to buy  Unione Italiana di Riassicurazione SpA. &quot;Istituto Nazionale delle Assicurazioni SpA and Swiss Reinsurance Co announce that they have entered into discussions, which, subject to corporate approvals and regulatory clearances, might lead to the acquisition of Unione Italiana di Riassicurazione SpA by Swiss Re from INA,&quot; it said. &quot;A further announcement will be made in due course,&quot; it added in a statement without giving any more details. Company officials and Swiss insurance analysts were not immediately available for comment on the talks, which centre on one of Italy's leading reinsurers. Swiss Re, the world's second-largest reinsurance group, announced in August it would buy life and health reinsurer Mercantile &amp; General Re from Britain's Prudential Corp for around 3.15 billion Swiss francs in cash. Moody's Investor Services subsequently confirmed its Aaa insurance financial strength rating for the company. Reinsurers have generally been seen eager to join forces amid downward pressure on profit margins. Swiss Re's ordinary after-tax profit jumped 54 percent in 1995 to 1.09 billion francs. It has said it expects 1996 profit to rise significantly as well. -- Zurich newsroom +41 1 631 7340
Nine Brazilian states mainly in the Northeast are in the process of privatizing their power utilities this year or early next year, said an official at Brazil's National Development Bank (BNDES). Rio de Janeiro and Bahia are the only states so far to have sold their power distributors, Cerj and Coelba, respectively. Coelba, which was privatized July 31, was seen as setting a new benchmark for future state power sell-offs as a result of the stunning price achieved during the auction of 1.73 billion reais, 77.38 percent above the minimum price. Next on the list of state power privatizations this year are CEEE (Rio Grande do Sul), CPFL (Sao Paulo), Cemat (Mato Grosso), Energipe (Sergipe) and Enersul (Mato Grosso do Sul), said Suely Monerat, head of BNDES' state privatizations department. Rio Grande do Sul state plans to sell off in October two power distributors to be spun off from CEEE, which is being split into six companies in all. CPFL is expected to be privatized at the end of October, beginning of November and Cemat, Energipe and Enersul should be sold off in November or December, Monerat said. Early next year power utilities of four northeastern states are due to go on the auction block, Cosern (Rio Grande do Norte), Celpa (Para), Cepisa (Piaui) and Ceal (Alagoas), she said. She said Rio Grande do Norte and Para states had already contracted consultants to advise on the sale of Cosern and Celpa, while consultants for the privatization of Cepisa and Ceal were still being chosen. ((--Simona de Logu, Rio de Janeiro newsroom, 5521 507 4151))
New Zealand monetary conditions have eased to the point where the Reserve Bank (RBNZ) may be forced to act, ANZ Bank said on Monday. In its weekly Market Focus report, ANZ said the market appeared to be testing the scope for easier monetary conditions in the lead-up to the RBNZ's June 27 Monetary Policy Statement (MPS), given general expectations that the bank will sanction some easing at that time.   &quot;Ninety-day bank bill rates have failed to rise sufficiently to offset a sharp fall in the New Zealand dollar's Trade-Weighted Index (TWI). As a result, monetary conditions are presently more than 90 basis points 'easier' in interest rate terms than the RBNZ's current desired conditions,&quot; ANZ said. &quot;Consequently, monetary conditions have eased to a point where we believe the RBNZ may be forced to act.&quot; ANZ said some people may believe that the bank was in &quot;radio silence&quot; at present given the proximity to the MPS release date. &quot;However, we feel the RBNZ may act if conditions remain as easy as they are at present.&quot;   ANZ said although it believed the bank would still sanction some easing in conditions in its MPS, inflation indicators to hand since March did not appear to warrant as significant an easing as the markets appeared to be anticipating. &quot;Any easing is likely to be limited -- around 50 basis points in interest rate terms from current desired monetary conditions,&quot; ANZ said. Meanwhile, ANZ said the RBNZ's announcement that it will alter aspects of its presentation in its upcoming MPS may give it greater direct influence on the shape of the yield curve.   The RBNZ will replace the current practice of assuming constant nominal rates and the TWI -- in its March projections the RBNZ assumed 90-day bills at 7.5 percent and the TWI at 68.0. Instead, the RBNZ now intends to provide a projected path for monetary conditions to achieve and maintain underlying inflation at 1.5 percent (the mid-point of its 0-3 percent target range) over the projected period.   ANZ said this meant the central bank would provide a quarterly indicative MCI (Monetary Conditions Index) track and probably also tracks for 90-day bank bills and the TWI consistent with this MCI path. &quot;This is really just a presentational change,&quot; ANZ said. &quot;Potentially, it introduces a little more transparency into the future path of monetary policy: the bank will be indicating how conditions will need to evolve over time if inflation is to remain comfortably within the target band.&quot;   In some instances this would provide greater guidance for the pricing of bank bill futures by taking some of the guesswork out of the future path of monetary conditions. &quot;Consequently, the bank may have a greater direct influence on the shape of the yield curve,&quot; ANZ said. --Wellington Newsroom (64 4) 4734746
Italian money supply as measured by M2 rose an adjusted average 4.1 percent year-on-year in the three months to end-Janaury compared with an average growth of 2.8 percent in the three months to end-December, the Bank of Italy said in a statement.   -- Rome newsroom +396 678 2501
The New York Times reported the following business stories on Wednesday: - Newmont Mining Corp raised its offer for the Santa Fe Pacific Gold Corp to $2.15 billion in an attempt to break up the merger agreement between Santa Fe and Homestake Mining Co. - A central figure in the Texaco scandal has begun to cooperate with Federal prosecutors in their investigation of possible obstruction of justice by executives at the company. - Evan as sales of home computers rose nearly 15 percent in the fourth quarter, they fell 23 percent at home computer stores, showing they may be giving way to new merchants of consumer electronics. - Apple Computer Chairman Gilbert Amelio invoked the company's past as he outlined plans for its future. - General Instrument said it would divide itself into three separate publicly traded companies in an effort to distance itself from the stumbling cable industry. - Wall Street Securities firms have begun reporting their expected rich fourth-quarter results, but compensation costs are rising as investment bankers reward themselves well. - Upscale retailers and discount stores appeared to have been best performers in the Christmas shopping season. - Senior members of Congress expressed interest in proposals to invest some Social Security assets in the stock market. - Coca-Cola has tinkered with the design of the legendary cans and bottles. - ABC, a unit of Disney, completed a shift of power at its entertainment division as Ted Harbert resigned as chairman of the unit, leaving it in the hands of Jamie Tarses, the new president. - Factory orders fell four-tenths of 1 percent in November. -- New York Newsdesk 212-859-1610
Antitrust charges against Archer Daniels Midland Co. and two executives are likely to be announced Sept. 24, even though negotiations between the company and the Justice Department on a possible plea agreement are continuing, a source close to the probe said Tuesday. Expected to be charged with fixing prices in the lysine market are Michael Andreas, vice chairman of ADM and son of Chairman Dwayne Andreas, and Terrance Wilson, a group vice president in charge of corn refining, the source said. The source said indictments are expected to be announced against &quot;Mick Andreas and Terry Wilson and ADM, if ADM doesn't have a plea. &quot;The company is still negotiating,&quot; the source said, adding that the charges are likely to be announced &quot;Tuesday of next week.&quot; Even if ADM reaches a plea agreement with the Justice Department, it will still face some charges, legal experts said. The plea agreement may include both specific charges brought against ADM and as well as prosecutors' recommendations for sentencing, one expert said. A separate plea agreement with Mark Whitacre, a former ADM executive who acted as a government informant in the antitrust investigation, is expected to be announced later, said the source, who spoke on condition he not be identified. Whitacre, who had headed ADM's BioProducts Division, was fired by ADM last year following allegations he stole millions of dollars from the company. Decatur, Ill.-based ADM, a giant corn and oilseed processor, did not return phone calls requesting comment. The Justice Department also declined to comment. Charges and possible plea agreements would settle at least part of an ongoing federal probe into alleged price-fixing in lysine, a feed additive, citric acid and high-fructose corn syrup. The source said the charges expected next week involve only lysine. Last month the Justice Department announced that three lysine producers entered pleas of no contest or guilty as part of the anti-trust probe. Ajinomoto Co. Inc. of Japan pleaded no contest, while Kyowa Hakko Kogyo Co. of Japan and Sewon Co. Ltd of South Korea admitted to conspiring to fix lysine prices. The three firms also agreed to cooperate in the investigation with documents and oral testimony, which legal experts said at the time increased the likelihood that ADM would face charges soon. The antitrust investigation came to light in June 1995 when ADM said it was subpoenaed for documents and testimony involving the lysine, citric acid and high-fructose corn syrup markets. ADM has denied any wrongdoing and has said it cooperated fully with the investigation.
Quarter to end-Dec versus preceding quarter    (million rand unless stated)     Net profit before capital spending  34.99  vs 29.04     Capital spending     15.5   vs 12.83     Gold output (kg)    4,792   vs 4,674     Tonnes milled/treated  850,000   vs 838,000     Yield (gram/t)        5.6   vs 5.6     Cost (rand/kg)     49,339   vs 49,744     Revenue (rand/kg)       55,922   vs 55,054 Full name: Evander Gold Mines Ltd, managed by Gencor Ltd -- Johannesburg newsroom +27 11 482 1003
Shares of Film Roman Inc fell as much as 48 percent after a report that its C-Bear &amp; Jamal animated children's program would not be renewed by the Fox Kids network for its 1997-98 Saturday morning lineup, industry observers said on Wednesday. Film Roman officials refused to take telephone calls regarding the report, which appeared in the Hollywood Reporter trade newspaper. Film Roman's shares were down 2-1/4 in late trading Wednesday at 3-1/2 after opening at 5-3/4. Fox, owned by News Corp Ltd, may use the program again if it moves ahead with its plan to launch a children's cable service, the report said.
The rouble was set at 5,813 to the dollar on the Moscow Interbank Currency Exchange (MICEX) on Friday.     Aug 15      Aug 14  Roubles/dollar    5,813  5,803 --Moscow Newsroom, +7095 941 8520
U.S. Mid-West spot electricity was talked mostly steady Wednesday with little demand for power, industry sources said. Market moving news was said to be scarce with few unexpected power plant outages and moderate temperatures. On-peak, non-firm next day power for Thursday delivery in the Mid-Continent Area Power Pool (MAPP) was talked steady to lower in the $15.00-16.00 range from $15.00-17.00 on Tuesday, the sources said. Off-peak non-firm MAPP power was pegged lower at $8.50-9.00 from $9.00-10.00 on Tuesday, the sources said.   On-peak non-firm prices in the Mid-American Interpool Network (MAIN) region for Thursday delivery were discussed steady at $17.00-18.00 from $16.00-18.00. Off-peak non-firm MAIN power was said to be steady in the $11.00-12.50 range, the sources said. In the East Central Area Reliability Coordination Agreement (ECAR), peak non-firm power prices for Thursday delivery were talked slightly higher at $17.00-18.00 from $16.00-16.75 per megawatt hour (MWh). Off peak non-firm ECAR was said to also be relatively steady at $12.50-14.50 per MWh range. November ECAR was said to be notionally discussed at $16.90-17.90 for 16-hour blocks delivered on business days. In the Southwest Power Pool (SPP), on-peak non-firm power for Thursday delivery was assessed fairly steady in the $16.50-18.00 area with off-peak non-firm said to be discussed at 12.50-13.00, the sources said. December SPP was said to be discussed at $20.15-20.30 per MWh, while January/February delivery was assessed in a range of $21.05-21.25 per MWh. -- Chris Reese, New York Power Desk 212-859-1627
Suffolk County, New York, legislators expect to decide on Thursday whether to hire a law firm and a team of consultants to probe a partial takeover of Long Island Lighting Co, a spokesman said. The county legislators already have authorized spending up to $200,000 to hire such firms. &quot;Several members of the legislature are concerned, though they are not prejudging, and they want to get all the facts and information,&quot; said Warren Greene, a spokesman for the lawmakers.   Gov George Pataki has proposed what would be the nation's biggest tax-exempt bond sale -- $7.3 billion -- to buy assets from LILCO and Brooklyn Union Gas, which plan to merge. The bonds would be sold by the Long Island Power Authority, which the state created in 1986 to acquire LILCO. The Republican govenor on Wednesday night planned to hold a news conference in the Village of Northport in the Town of Huntington, which is located in Suffolk County. Greene said that before a town meeting, scheduled to follow the news conference, the governor was expected to meet with the county legislators.   Republicans hold an 11 to 7 majority in the body, and the County Executive, Robert Gaffney, opposes its plans. &quot;There's finally meaningful, tangible relief on the horizon and now the legislature is thinking of delaying it even further so the county executive is deadset against it,&quot; said Tim Ryan, a spokesman for Gaffney. A spokesman for the governor said he expected the news conference to focus on Pataki's proposal, which he has said would cut by 20 percent rates for Long Islanders, who now pay some of the highest in the United States. No new information was expected to be released, added the spokesman, Mike McKeon.   The Democrat-led Assembly, which has been holding hearings on the deal, plans to hold at least two more, one on May 14 and one on June 5. LILCO chairman William Catacosinos is expected to testify at the May 14 hearing in Albany, but LILCO could not immediately say whether he will go. Assemblyman Paul Tonko, an Amsterdam Democrat who chairs the committee on energy, said the process was open-ended. &quot;We may need to do some more (hearings), then we have to compile what we have heard, then there will be ongoing discussions,&quot; he said.   Among the issues he raised was whether the deal would enrich LILCO shareholders. &quot;The ratepayer is asked to hold the LILCO structure harmless and to actually put more hard cash into the hands of the leadership and the executive of LILCO,&quot; he said. He also cited concerns about whether the huge bond issue, which would be offered in a series of sales, would drive up how much the state was forced to pay in interest on its own debt, and whether LILCO would get preferential treatment over its competitors.   &quot;When you're talking about a 33-year deal, you don't want to lock a Long Island ratepayer into a situation that is going to hinder them more than help them.&quot; Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, D-Manhattan, could block the deal as he serves on the Public Authorities Control Board, which approves and coordinates bond sales by state authorities. Rumors that the board might take up the LILCO deal at a meeting next week could not be immediately confirmed. The energy and enivronment committee of the Suffolk County legislature recommended that the body select Scott Hempling, a Silver Springs, Maryland, law firm, which specializes in utility matters, and Boston-based consultants, LaCapra Associates, which has broad experience in the area. ((--Joan Gralla, 212-859-1654))
Britain said on Tuesday it had signed an agreement with Russia to promote cooperation in civilian nuclear power. The pact, signed by Energy Minister Lord Fraser of Carmyllie and visiting Russian Minister for Atomic Energy Viktor Mikhailov, will promote cooperation in design, construction and safety of nuclear power stations, decommissioning and waste management and conversion of weapons grade materials. Cooperation will be implemented through arrangements to be negotiated separately between commercial or other organisations directly involved, the Department of Trade Industry said. Lord Fraser said the agreement &quot;will encourage our industries to strengthen cooperation. They have had useful contacts for many years, and will continue to exchange expertise and develop commercial business together.&quot; The pact will also cover collaboration in the control and protection of nuclear materials. -- London Newsroom +44 171 542 7930
United Airlines has ordered $4.4 billion worth of airplanes from Boeing Co. and Europe's Airbus Industrie, with the the lion's share going to Boeing Co., the airline announced Thursday.   United ordered 27 jets -- 19 jumbo 747-400s, six 757s and two 777s -- valued at about $3.5 billion from Boeing and 24 Airbus A319s valued at $900 million. The UAL Corp. unit is the first U.S. airline to order Airbus's latest model, United and Airbus said. The order values quoted by United are based on manufacturers' list prices, the airline said. &quot;United benefited from substantial discounts to the prices from both manufacturers,&quot; it said.
Sales at Japanese chain stores in August fell 0.2 percent from a year earlier to 1.40 trillion yen, the Japan Chain Stores' Association said on Wednesday.   August sales fell 5.4 percent from July, the association said in a statement. The survey covered 132 companies, and was conducted among 7,805 outlets, which was 172 outlets more than a year ago, it said.
British girl Amy Kelland, snatched by her South African mother and brought to Johannesburg last month, must go home with her father, a South African court ruled on Wednesday. Mike Kelland applied to the court after his ex-wife Susan Portsmouth flew to Britain and took her nine-year-old daughter who was holidaying with grandparents. He had won custody of Amy, who had not seen her mother since 1992, after the divorce six years ago.
Less than three months after Israel and the Palestinians put Middle East peace back on track with a hard-won deal on the West Bank town of Hebron, talks have crumbled into violence, prompting U.S. rescue efforts. The following is a timeline of the faltering peace process: Jan 15, 1997 -- Israel and Palestinian Authority seal deal on Palestinian self-rule in Hebron, agree to implement 1995 peace deal. Jan 17 -- Israel hands over 80 percent of Hebron to Palestinians. Jan 18 -- Israel, Jordan and the Palestinian Authority in joint tourism appeal: &quot;Peace - its a beautiful sight to see&quot;. Feb 11 -- Israel frees 29 female Palestinian prisoners. Feb 19 -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, under pressure from right-wingers, vows to build Jewish settlement at Har Homa in Arab East Jerusalem on land claimed by Israel and Palestinians. Palestinian President Yasser Arafat blasts plan to build on hill known as Jabal Abu Ghneim in Arabic as &quot;illegal&quot;. Feb 26 -- Israeli ministerial committee approves East Jerusalem project in defiance of world criticism. March 4 -- Netanyahu orders closure of four Palestinian offices he says operate in East Jerusalem illegally. March 7 -- Israeli cabinet decides under peace deadline to hand over further nine percent of West Bank to Palestinians; PLO, expecting 30 percent, says peace moves in &quot;real crisis&quot;. March 7 -- United States vetoes U.N. Security Council resolution against Israeli settlement. Second veto on March 21. March 13 -- Seven Israeli schoolgirls gunned down by Jordanian soldier on border. March 18 -- Israeli bulldozers break ground at East Jerusalem housing site, sparking West Bank clashes. March 19 -- Netanyahu announces plan for go-for-broke talks to reach final peace with Palestinians; Palestinians say offer a &quot;trick&quot; to avoid land transfers under existing peace deal. March 21 -- Moslem suicide bomber kills three Israeli women at Tel Aviv cafe. Netanyahu says Arafat gave militants &quot;green light&quot; to attack Israel, demands PLO crackdown for peace talks to resume. March 28 -- U.S. Middle East envoy Dennis Ross returns to Washington after unsuccessful visit to region to revive talks. March 29 -- Israeli troops kill Palestinian youth during stone-throwing protests in Ramallah. March 31 -- Arab League foreign ministers unanimously vote to suspend normal ties with Israel. April 1 -- Twin Islamic Jihad suicide blasts rip through Gaza Strip, wounding five Palestinians in botched attacks. Israeli troops shoot dead two Arabs in West Bank. April 7 -- Netanyahu in Washington for crisis talks on with U.S. President Bill Clinton at White House. In New Delhi, Arafat tells members of Non-Aligned Movement that Israel had declared war on Middle East peace process. In West Bank, an Israeli shoots and wounds two Palestinians during stone-throwing incident.
Argentine carmaker CIADEA SA, licensee of France's Renault, Wednesday said it decided to cancel out a $51 million loan granted by its holding Compagnie Financiere por l'Amerique Latine (COFAL) in 1992. &quot;At March 31 the loan amounts to $51 million in principal and interests accrued at a nominal 12 percent annual rate,&quot; Ciadea told the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange. &quot;The board has considered that in case the company may need additional financing it could tap the financial market under better conditions,&quot; it added. Earlier this month Ciadea said Renault signed an agreement to take control of COFAL. ((--Guillermo Haskel, Buenos Aires Newsroom 541 318-0650))
